docs: update AppKit terminology to Reown across documentation (#738)
reown-com/reown-docs: appkit/next/core/installation.mdx

## Trigger the modal

<Tabs>

> <Tab title="Reown">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tab title="AppKit">
```

## Extra configuration

> Next.js relies on [SSR](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/rendering/server-side-rendering). This means some specific steps are required to make Reown work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js relies on [SSR](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/rendering/server-side-rendering). This means some specific steps are required to make the SDK work properly.
```
